of the Abe Clan
of the Adachi Clan
of the Arai Clan
of the Arakawa Clan
of the Asano Clan
of the Chiba Clan
of the Date Clan
of the Endo Clan
of the Fukushima Clan
of the Furuya Clan
of the Gotou Clan
of the Hamada Clan
of the Hasegawa Clan
of the Hata Clan
of the Hattori Clan
of the Higashi Clan
of the Hirano Clan
of the Honda Clan
of the Hosokawa Clan
of the Iguchi Clan
of the Imai Clan
of the Inoue Clan
of the Ishioka Clan
of the Ito Clan
of the Iwata Clan
of the Kadokawa Clan
of the Kai Clan
of the Kaneko Clan
of the Kano Clan
of the Katayama Clan
of the Kinoshita Clan
of the Kitagawa Clan
of the Kitano Clan
of the Kiyohara Clan
of the Kojima Clan
of the Kondo Clan
of the Kurihara Clan
of the Maekawa Clan
of the Makino Clan
of the Maruyama Clan
of the Matsushita Clan
of the Minami Clan
of the Miura Clan
of the Mochizuki Clan
of the Nagai Clan
of the Nagasaki Clan
of the Nakajima Clan
of the Nakamoto Clan
of the Nakatani Clan
of the Nishida Clan
of the Noguchi Clan
of the Nomura Clan
of the Obata Clan
of the Oda Clan
of the Ogura Clan
of the Okubo Clan
of the Omura Clan
of the Onishi Clan
of the Ota Clan
of the Ozawa Clan
of the Sakaguchi Clan
of the Sakurai Clan
of the Sawada Clan
of the Shibata Clan
of the Shibasaki Clan
of the Shima Clan
of the Shimada Clan
of the Sugawara Clan
of the Takamura Clan
of the Tamura Clan
of the Tani Clan
of the Terada Clan
of the Toda Clan
of the Tokuda Clan
of the Toyama Clan
of the Tsuchiya Clan
of the Uchida Clan
of the Ueda Clan
of the Ueno Clan
of the Uno Clan
of the Usui Clan
of the Wada Clan
of the Wakabayashi Clan
of the Wakimoto Clan
of the Yagi Clan
of the Yamada Clan
of the Yamashiro Clan
of the Yasuda Clan
of the Yokoyama Clan
of the Yoshimoto Clan
of the Yoshimura Clan
of the Yoshino Clan
